Hello everyone. Today we're going to talk about
diabetes, a disease that
you've probably heard mentioned
many times. It affects more than 400
million people in the world and it's
important to understand what it is
and how we can prevent it.
Diabetes is a disease in which our
body cannot properly use the sugar
we eat. Imagine that sugar is like
fuel for our cells.
We need a key called insulin
for that fuel to enter. In people
with diabetes, that key doesn't
work properly or doesn't exist. So the
sugar stays circulating in the blood,
which is dangerous for our health.
Additionally, a large percentage of the
population doesn't know they have
this disease, as shown in the
chart.
There are two main types.
Type 1 diabetes generally appears in
children and young people and occurs when
the body doesn't produce insulin. Type 2,
which is the most common, appears when the
body doesn't use the insulin it produces
properly.
The most common symptoms are feeling
very thirsty all the time, going to the bathroom
very frequently, feeling very tired
for no apparent reason and having
blurred vision.
Here comes the good news. Type
2 diabetes, which is the most common, can be
prevented. How? With three simple things.
Eating healthy, especially fruits, vegetables
and whole foods. Exercising
at least 30 minutes a
day, like walking or dancing, and maintaining
a healthy weight. If you already have
diabetes, don't worry. With medication,
medical monitoring and these same
habits, you can live
perfectly well. Remember, taking care
of your health is in your hands.
Information is power. And now you know the
basics about diabetes. Thank you very much
for your attention.